README.md, before:

# solutionss

Collection of LeetCode questions to ace the coding interview! - Created using [LeetHub](https://github.com/QasimWani/LeetHub)

| QNo  | Name                                                    | Link                                                                                   |
| ---- | ------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 1    | Two Sum                                                 | https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/                                                 |
| 4    | Median of Two Sorted Arrays                             | https://leetcode.com/problems/median-of-two-sorted-arrays/                             |
| 17   | Letter Combinations                                     | https://leetcode.com/problems/letter-combinations-of-a-phone-number/                   |
| 30   | Substring with Concatenation of All Words               | https://leetcode.com/problems/substring-with-concatenation-of-all-words/               |
| 34   | Find First and Last Position of Element in Sorted Array | https://leetcode.com/problems/find-first-and-last-position-of-element-in-sorted-array/ |
| 37   | Sudoku Solver                                           | https://leetcode.com/problems/sudoku-solver/                                           |
| 41   | First Missing Positive                                  | https://leetcode.com/problems/first-missing-positive/                                  |
| 42   | Trapping Rain Water                                     | https://leetcode.com/problems/trapping-rain-water/                                     |
| 52   | N-Queens II                                             | https://leetcode.com/problems/n-queens-ii/                                             |
| 58   | Length of Last Word                                     | https://leetcode.com/problems/length-of-last-word/                                     |
| 95   | Unique Binary Search Trees                              | https://leetcode.com/problems/unique-binary-search-trees/                              |
| 96   | Unique Binary Search Trees                              | https://leetcode.com/problems/unique-binary-search-trees-ii/                           |
| 100  | Same Tree                                               | https://leetcode.com/problems/same-tree/                                               |
| 258  | Add Digits                                              | https://leetcode.com/problems/add-digits/                                              |
| 278  | First Bad Version                                       | https://leetcode.com/problems/first-bad-version/                                       |
| 1295 | Find Numbers with Even Number of Digits                 | https://leetcode.com/problems/find-numbers-with-even-number-of-digits/                 |
| 1672 | Richest Customer Wealth                                 | https://leetcode.com/problems/richest-customer-wealth/                                 |
| 2278 | Percent of letter in a String                           | https://leetcode.com/problems/percentage-of-letter-in-string/                          |

This repository consists of all leetcode solutions keep contributing to this project

Leetcode Questions link:

1: Running Sum 1d Array- Leetcode(1480)

https://leetcode.com/problems/running-sum-of-1d-array/

2: Two Sum( Leetcode(1)

https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/

3: Find First and Last Position of Element in Sorted Array

https://leetcode.com/problems/find-first-and-last-position-of-element-in-sorted-array/

4:  Median of Two Sorted Arrays

https://leetcode.com/problems/median-of-two-sorted-arrays/

5: Longest Palindromic Substring

https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-palindromic-substring/

9: Palindrome Number

https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-number/

11: Container With Most Water

https://leetcode.com/problems/container-with-most-water/

13: Roman to Integer

https://leetcode.com/problems/roman-to-integer/

23: Merge K sorted Linked Lists

https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-k-sorted-lists/

450: Delete Node In A BST

https://leetcode.com/problems/delete-node-in-a-bst/

297: Serialize And Deserialize Binary Tree

https://leetcode.com/problems/serialize-and-deserialize-binary-tree/

Commit message:

Added Introduction to README.md
This is my small contribution towards the good work you are doing! Moreover, a step for HACKTOBERFEST 2022!!
Kindly add the hacktoberfest tag :)

README.md, after:

# Introduction

Data Structures and Algorithms are very important for Interviews. Most of the top companies prefer to ask question related to DSA. Leetcode is a great platform to practice newer problems of DSA. It has many features like sorting questions based on difficulty level, different companies, etc. Practicing Questions are very important to get a strong hold on DSA.
But what will happen if you stuck in the middle of a question?!
That's where our solutions come to rescue :)
We have tried to curate solutions for majority questions so that you could ace your interview rounds!
** KEEP PRACTICING, KEEP LEARNING!! **


# Solutions

Collection of LeetCode questions to ace the coding interview! - Created using [LeetHub](https://github.com/QasimWani/LeetHub)

| QNo  | Name                                                    | Link                                                                                   |
| ---- | ------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 1    | Two Sum                                                 | https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/                                                 |
| 4    | Median of Two Sorted Arrays                             | https://leetcode.com/problems/median-of-two-sorted-arrays/                             |
| 17   | Letter Combinations                                     | https://leetcode.com/problems/letter-combinations-of-a-phone-number/                   |
| 30   | Substring with Concatenation of All Words               | https://leetcode.com/problems/substring-with-concatenation-of-all-words/               |
| 34   | Find First and Last Position of Element in Sorted Array | https://leetcode.com/problems/find-first-and-last-position-of-element-in-sorted-array/ |
| 37   | Sudoku Solver                                           | https://leetcode.com/problems/sudoku-solver/                                           |
| 41   | First Missing Positive                                  | https://leetcode.com/problems/first-missing-positive/                                  |
| 42   | Trapping Rain Water                                     | https://leetcode.com/problems/trapping-rain-water/                                     |
| 52   | N-Queens II                                             | https://leetcode.com/problems/n-queens-ii/                                             |
| 58   | Length of Last Word                                     | https://leetcode.com/problems/length-of-last-word/                                     |
| 95   | Unique Binary Search Trees                              | https://leetcode.com/problems/unique-binary-search-trees/                              |
| 96   | Unique Binary Search Trees                              | https://leetcode.com/problems/unique-binary-search-trees-ii/                           |
| 100  | Same Tree                                               | https://leetcode.com/problems/same-tree/                                               |
| 258  | Add Digits                                              | https://leetcode.com/problems/add-digits/                                              |
| 278  | First Bad Version                                       | https://leetcode.com/problems/first-bad-version/                                       |
| 1295 | Find Numbers with Even Number of Digits                 | https://leetcode.com/problems/find-numbers-with-even-number-of-digits/                 |
| 1672 | Richest Customer Wealth                                 | https://leetcode.com/problems/richest-customer-wealth/                                 |
| 2278 | Percent of letter in a String                           | https://leetcode.com/problems/percentage-of-letter-in-string/                          |

This repository consists of all leetcode solutions keep contributing to this project

Leetcode Questions link:

1: Running Sum 1d Array- Leetcode(1480)

https://leetcode.com/problems/running-sum-of-1d-array/

2: Two Sum( Leetcode(1)

https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/

3: Find First and Last Position of Element in Sorted Array

https://leetcode.com/problems/find-first-and-last-position-of-element-in-sorted-array/

4:  Median of Two Sorted Arrays

https://leetcode.com/problems/median-of-two-sorted-arrays/

5: Longest Palindromic Substring

https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-palindromic-substring/

9: Palindrome Number

https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-number/

11: Container With Most Water

https://leetcode.com/problems/container-with-most-water/

13: Roman to Integer

https://leetcode.com/problems/roman-to-integer/

23: Merge K sorted Linked Lists

https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-k-sorted-lists/

450: Delete Node In A BST

https://leetcode.com/problems/delete-node-in-a-bst/

297: Serialize And Deserialize Binary Tree

https://leetcode.com/problems/serialize-and-deserialize-binary-tree/
